So there were these two racehorses named Moe & Joe, they were like two bugs in a rug two fish in the sea, which is so very hard for two racehorses to be. They always tied! One day Moe & Joe were racing, neck & neck as they always were, but then at the last minute Moe jumped ahead and won the race. Back at the stable Joe said to Moe "What happened Moe? We're supposed to be two bugs in a rug, two fish in the sea, which is so very hard for two racehorses to be. We always tie!" Moe replied "I'm sorry Joe, something just came over me I had to win. Tell you what, next race I'll let you win by a whole foot." So the next race came and Joe was ahead by a whole foot, but at the last second Moe jumped ahed and won the race. Back at the stable Joe said to Moe "What happened Moe? You were Supposed to let me win. We're supposed to be two bugs in a rug, two fish in the sea, which is so very hard for two racehorses to be. We always tie!" Moe replied "I'm sorry Joe something just came over me I had to win. Tell you what ,next race I'll let you win by a whole horse length (which if you know nothing about horse races is a long distance)." So the next race came Joe was ahead a whole horse length, when at the last second Moe jumped ahead and won the race. Back at the stable Joe said to Moe "Moe what happened? You were supposed to let me win. We're supposed to be two bugs in a rug, two fish in the sea, which is so very hard for two racehorses to be. We always tie!" Moe replied "I know Joe something just keeps coming over me and I need to win. I promise next race I'll let you win by a whole half lap." So the next race came came and Joe was ahead by a whole half lap when, at the last second, Moe jumped ahead and won the race. On the way back to the stable Joe's owner said to him "Joe, I've been losing a lot of money lately. If you don't win your next race I'm going to have to sell you to the glue factory." Back at the stable Joe said to Moe "Moe if I don't win the next race I'm going to be sold to the glue factory! We're supposed to be two bugs in a rug, two fish in the sea, which is so very hard for two racehorses to be! We always tie!" Moe replied "Joe I'm so sorry I had to win that last race. I swear on my mother's grave that I won't even leave the starting gate next race." So the next race came and Joe was about to pass the finish when, at the last second, Moe bolts out of the starting gate and wins. Back at the stable Joe said to Moe "Moe! Now I'm going to go to the glue factory what happened?" to which Moe replied "I'm sorry Joe at the last second I got this feeling and couldn't lose that race!" The old Dog in the corner saw this argument and said to Moe & Joe "Y'know you two are supposed to be two bugs in a rug, two fish in the sea, which is so very hard for two racehorses to be. You always tie!" "You to are supposed to be best friends and thats something special that very few have these days. You got to keep that." Moe & Joe then looked at each other and simultaneously said "Hey look everybody, a talking dog!"